Figha a million time with your bare hands and a little savlon
gsdfgusygghasfghagdfhkgdafgiyuadgfiu time jhgkhiufsghiujfn
time jkgyisufhgjhsfiuhgnkifjgk
 sometimes reckoned as one American continent (green
Oceania (or sometimes Australasia) to be equivalent to a continent, allowing the entire land surface of the 
North America and South America are now treated as separate continents in much of Western Europe, China, and most native English-speaking countries, such as the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Furthermore, the concept of two American continents is prevalent in much of Asia. However in earlier times they were viewed as a single continent known as America or, to avoid ambiguity with the United States of America, as the Americas. However, the plurality of this last term suggests that even in these "earlier times" some considered the New World (the Americas) as two separate continents. North and South America are viewed as a single continent, one of six in total, in Iberia, Italy, Israel, some other parts of Europe, and much of Latin America.
When sea levels were lower during the Pleistocene ice age, greater areas of continental shelf were exposed as dry land, forming land bridges. At this time Australia-New Guinea was a single, continuous continent. Likewise North America and Asia were joined by the Bering land bridge. Other islands such as Great Britain were joined to the mainlands of their continents. At that time there were just three discrete continents: Africa-Eurasia-America, Antarctica and Australia-New Guinea.
 sometimes reckoned as one American continent (green
Oceania (or sometimes Australasia) to be equivalent to a continent, allowing the entire land surface of the 
 is prevalent in much of Asia. However in earlier times they were viewed as a single continent known as America or, to avoid ambiguity 
with the United States of America, as the Americas. However, the plurality of this last term suggests that even in these "earlier times" 
bridges. At this time Australia-New Guinea was a single, continuous continent. Likewise North America and Asia were joined by the Bering 
land bridge. Other islands such as Great Britain were joined to the mainlands of their continents. At that time there were just three 
